


    We now accept payment from CARECREDIT,. To learn more about CareCredit contact us at 302-319-5680. DELAWARE CENTER FOR MATERNAL amp; FETAL MEDICINE OF CHRISTIANA CARE, INC.


    ABBY MEDICAL CENTER OFFICE: One Centurian Drive, Suite 312, Newark, DE 19713.


    CHRISTIANA HOSPITAL: 4755 Ogletown-Stanton Road, Suite 1992, Newark, DE 19718.


    PHONE: (302) 319-5680 WEBSITE: removed hyperref FOR OUR PATIENTS SAFETY DUE TO THE CORONAVIRUS Due to the coronavirus, patients with appointments at locations other than Saint Francis Hospital, ONLY ONE SUPPORT PERSON OVER THE AGE OF 16 are allowed in the practice at this time. No children under the age of 16. Saint Francis Hospital is not allowing any visitors.


    If you have traveled outside of the US, have a fever, have symptoms such as a cough, shortness of breath, sore throat, nausea, diarrhea, loss of taste/smell or have come in contact with someone who has traveled, or someone who has any symptoms please contact our office immediately at (302) 319-5680 to reschedule your appointment. All patients will be screened for illness at check-in.


    If you have results from COVID testing pending, you will be able to be seen in the office once negative results are received.


WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?


We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter, fill out a form or submit a payment.


When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.


Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Googles use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy..


WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?


Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:


; To personalize your experience.


(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)


; To improve customer service.


(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)


; To process transactions.


Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.


HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?


We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order.


We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.


After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.


DO WE USE COOKIES?


Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.


DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?


We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.


CHILDRENS ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE.


We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.


YOUR CONSENT.


By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy. This policy was last modified on 10/16/2011.


CONTACTING US.


If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.


http://removed hyperref/ One Centurian Drive, Suite 312 Newark, Delaware 19713 USA removed e-mail (302) 319-5680.


